+++
title = "Testimonies of Healing"
path = "/healings/"
+++

<div>

<article>

# Prayer eliminates the need for Caesarean delivery

Susan Norris, member of Menlo Park church since *&lt;year&gt;*<br>
*(Originally published in the April 5, 2004 issue of the Christian Science Sentinel)*

When I was pregnant with my oldest daughter, I was just starting to study
Christian Science. Every month after my checkup at the doctor's office, I would
meet with a Christian Science practitioner. She was supporting this pregnancy
with prayer, and shared wonderful spiritual concepts with me.

I learned to think of my baby's identity as spiritual. I saw her as a child of
God—already perfectly formed. As the Mind of all creation, God knows us each as
His fully developed ideas. Understanding this has practical, healing effects on
our lives. The pregnancy proceeded smoothly, and I didn't have any unpleasant
symptoms.

About five weeks before the baby was due to be born, she spent one entire day
moving. At the end of the day, I could tell she had turned around and was no
longer in the best position for delivery. My next check up confirmed this—the
baby was heads-up, in an impossible position for a normal delivery. The doctor
said the baby was now too large to turn around on her own, and that she would
have to be delivered by Caesarean section.

I really wanted this baby to be born normally. And I was learning in my study of
Christian Science that I could rely on prayer for the birth to proceed
harmoniously. This passage from *Science and Health with Key to the Scriptures*
by Mary Baker Eddy was very meaningful to me as I prayed about the situation:
"The relations of God and man, divine Principle and idea, are indestructible in
Science; and Science knows no lapse from norreturn to harmony, but holds the
divine order or spiritual law, in which God and all that He creates are perfect
and eternal, to have remained unchanged in its eternal history" (pp. 470-471).

I also prayed to understand better this statement, also from *Science and
Health*: "The universe is filled with spiritual ideas, which He [God] evolves,
and they are obedient to the Mind that makes them" (p. 295). I prayed to see
that this baby—as a spiritual idea—was obedient to the divine Mind that created
her, and that therefore, I could expect this to be seen in her correct
positioning for a natural, normal birth.

One evening a couple of weeks later, I was marking my favorite citations from
the Bible and *Science and Health* that I'd been praying with over the past
months. The practitioner had suggested I do this so that I would have them on
hand for the delivery. My husband and mother-in-law were in the baby's room,
putting together the crib. I was really praying for God's will to be done, and I
remember suddenly feeling very peaceful. I just knew that He could and would
take care of everything. It was then that the baby moved for about five minutes,
and I felt her repositioning. At that moment, I knew that all was well. And it
was subsequently confirmed that she had slipped into place for a normal birth.

Our daughter Stephanie was born a couple of weeks later with no need for
surgery. The doctor was quite surprised that the baby had been able to turn
completely around again that close to delivery. She stated that it must have
been our prayers that did it. I was so grateful to the practitioner for her
loving prayers during this time. It was an example of something I am
learning—that all things are possible to God.

Susan Norris<br>
San Carlos, California

</article>

</div>
