---
title: About Us
permalink: /about/
---

<section markdown="1">

# Welcome

The *Church of Christ, Scientist,* is designed to commemorate the words and
works of Christ Jesus. Christian Science teaches that God is Love and that we
are His beloved children. Understanding God's nature and His power leads to
healing in individual lives, as well as in the community and the world.

You are welcome to join our services. Children and those up to age 20 are
welcome to attend Sunday School.

Our Sunday service is at <time datetime="10:00">10:00 am</time>. This service
provides an atmosphere for prayer and for listening to a Bible Lesson-Sermon
that promotes healing. The Lesson-Sermon is composed of citations from The Bible
and *Science and Health with Key to the Scriptures* by Mary Baker Eddy. Every
service includes hymn singing by the congregation and an inspirational solo.

# What is Christian Science?

Mary Baker Eddy, who discovered and founded Christian Science, defined it as
"the law of God, the law of good..." ([Rudimental Divine Science][], p. 1). In
Christian Science, God is understood to be infinite Love, and so invariably good
that a clear glimpse of this through prayer has power to heal, redeem, and
restore anyone.

[Rudimental Divine Science]: https://mbeinstitute.org/Prose_Works/Rudimental_Divine_Science.html

A lifelong student of the Bible, who yearned from her youth to find deeper
answers to the persistent question of human suffering, Mary Baker Eddy turned
wholeheartedly to God when she experienced a critical injury in 1866. As she
read accounts of Jesusâ€™ swift, powerful healings, a new sense of God, Spirit, as
the only reality flooded her thought and healed her. Impelled to understand the
Principle behind this experience, she continued to search for and find in the
Bible the underlying laws of God that would form the basis of her teaching and
practice of Christian Science.

From her time to ours, many have found that when they understand their
relationship to God better through this Science of Christianity, their health is
restored and character transformed. And each healing inspires a heartfelt desire
to help others know and experience how loved we all are by God.

<a class="button" href="https://www.christianscience.com/what-is-christian-science" rel="external" target="_blank">Learn more about Christian Science</a>

</section>

<aside class="sidebar-right" markdown="1">
{% include visit.md %}
</aside>
